doc(python): Improve Python SDK docs / added releases and session documentation. (#4713)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/configuration/auto-session-tracking/python.mdx

We create a session for every request and response cycle.
Web socket connections currently do not create sessions.

We mark the session as:

- `crashed` if an _unhandled error_ is raised.
- `an error` if the SDK captures an event that contains an exception (this includes manually captured errors).

> By default, the Python SDK is sending sessions. To disable sending sessions, set the `auto_session_tracking` flag to `False`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Python SDK sends sessions. To disable sending sessions, set the `auto_session_tracking` flag to `False`:
```

> We create a session for every request and response cycle and mark the session as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We create a session for every request and response cycle, and mark the session as:
```

> We create a session for every request and response cycle.
> 
> Web socket connections currently do not create sessions.
> 
> We mark the session as:
> 
> - `crashed` if an _unhandled error_ is raised.
> - `an error` if the SDK captures an event that contains an exception (this includes manually captured errors).

Reviewer: Trying to improve the flow here.

```suggestion
We create a session for every request and response cycle and mark the session as:

- `crashed` if an _unhandled error_ is raised.
- `an error` if the SDK captures an event that contains an exception (this includes manually captured errors).

Currently, web socket connections don't create sessions.
```
